It's things that we never did in the first place. Why are you applauding someone for suddenly acting like a normal member of society? It's like, I've lost a bit of weight. I've lost about 20 pounds. Exactly, what? No, no, you're basically applauding me for only eating as much as I need now. I should have always been doing that. I got fat because I was a greedy, lazy bastard. There's no other explanation. And I need the people that, they come to me now and they go, oh, well done, you look great. But they weren't telling me I look terrible. They're basically saying I look terrible. No one told me at the time, it was really taboo. I needed waiters to come over and go, fuck off, you've had enough, right? And I've been criticized in the past for having a go at fat people. I've never had a go at fat people. I've only ever pointed out the fact that you get fat if you take in more calories than you burn off. That's simple science. I don't judge them in any other aspect of their life, but that's simple. That's how it happens. You get fat if you take in more calories than you burn off. And that's indisputable. Now, the thing is, people think I'm having a go. I'm not, because I don't judge them. If I see a fat person, I don't make assumptions about them other than how they got fat. And this is the other thing. They not, no, wait, wait, right? Not only is that what makes you fat, people know that's what's making them fat. No one got fat behind their own back. No one ate and went, what the fuck's that? OK? It's not a surprise. It's a gradual process. You have loads of time to back out from this project. Also, no one's sneaking into thin people's apartments and injecting their lettuce with a million calories. That doesn't happen, OK? They know what's doing it. If you go to a bloke and he's surrounded by cakes and pies, right, and you go, you know what's making you fat, don't you? He doesn't go, is it all the running? He knows what it is. But I don't make judgments, OK, other than how they got fat. OK? If I see a fat person, I don't go, oh, he's fat, therefore he's jolly, right? A lot of them are miserable, aren't they? If I see a fat girl, I don't go, oh, she'd be pretty if she lost weight. That's rarely the case, OK? So don't fall for that, OK? A lot of them started eating because they had fuck all to lose, so no. But there's no stigma attached, because people don't even want to use the word fat now, because I think it's derogatory. It's a real taboo subject. So they use euphemisms. They go, oh, you know, Brenda, the big girl, what, seven foot? No, no, not her. What does she look like? Brenda, you know, she's the one who's clammy even in winter. Just say she's fat, nothing wrong with it. It's their choice, it's up to you if you want to be fat, it's fine. But they don't, they go, you know, Brenda, she's out of her mind. She's got a lot of breath just standing up at her desk. Just, but even though it is their own fault, and it is their own fault, I feel sorry for them, right? No, I do, particularly fat women, because fat is a feminist issue. Men get fat, and we just go, fuck it, all bought and paid for, you know. We don't come under the same constraints of society. Whereas women are inundated with, you know, images of how you should be, size zero models, this diet, that diet, look like this, keep your man. And they make such an effort, don't they, fat girls? They've always got lovely hair, aren't they? They're always having their hair, don't they? They've got lovely hair, always got lovely hair. Always got those lovely false nails, don't they? They make an effort. Anything but jogging, right? They love high heels, don't they? They think it makes their legs look less, it doesn't. It just... You can just hear them coming now. HE LAUGHS I don't want any fat people to feel uncomfortable at one of my gigs, so next time, buy two seats. I'm joking, I'm dead... I'm joking, shut up. I'm not having a go. I'm just pointing out, you know... I was listening to the radio in England a few weeks back, Radio 4, quite highbrow. There was a discussion about political correctness. My name came up straightaway, right? And... There was this woman on there going, Oh, yeah, well, it's not right. Ricky Gervais, he makes jokes about fat people. He wouldn't make jokes about gay people, would he? And being fat is like being gay. What? No, it's not. What? You can't choose your sexuality. As we've established, you choose whether to eat too much or not. With your sexuality, you're born, you grow up, you discover you like same -sex relationships, and that's it, you're gay, OK? But being gay, to be the same as being fat, you'd have to be born, be straight, grow up knowing you're straight, but gradually and consciously wean yourself onto cock. LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE Oh. Happy 16th birthday, son. Um... This is Rowell. Suck his cock. Sorry, Father? Suck his cock. 16 now, suck his cock. LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE I'm heterosexual. Ooh, with his newfangled words. Suck his cock. Come on. I don't like cock, Father. Doesn't like cock. How do you know if you've never tried it? Ah! Suck his cock. I don't... Suck one cock. Suck... That's not sucking it, that's playing with you. Put it in your mouth. Put it... Oh. Have a go, you might like it. It's not so bad, is it? I fucking love these. LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE If that happened, then being gay would be the same as being fat, but it doesn't, so it's not, OK? LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE I was on a plane last year, OK, going from New York to LA, OK? And me and my girlfriend were one side of the plane, there was the aisle, and the other side there were these two huge fat women, OK? Proper, proper, proper fat. One of them just got on and went, can I have a belt extension? Yeah, of course you can, you've earned it, right? LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE Proper. In fact, I was thinking of calling the pilot out and going, should one of us swap with one of them? Otherwise, we're just going to Canada, do you know what I mean? LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE And one of them was even fatter than the other one, OK? And she was there, and she'd got on the plane with one of those takeaway buckets of fast food. Bucket! I mean, there's your first clue. When did that happen? When did fat people just give up? When did they go into a shop and go, oh, fuck it, just treat me like a farmyard animal, really? Give me it in a bucket. In fact, just strap it to my fucking head and I'll just... A bucket? Really, you want your meal in a bucket? Yes. Right? So, she's there and she's chowing down, right? And I swear, she turns to her fat friend and says, this is the best fried chicken I've had all day. but I'm not having a go I'm not having a go no I'm not no I'm not because even though it is their own fault and it is their own fault I don't know if you know this about fat people um they fucking love cake they love it right and I blame the food industries because you're going to the supermarket and it's just packed with that stuff everything's packed with hydrogenated fats and extra calories and sugar and butter and everything and they they love that okay and there's always a big door isn't there to a supermarket it's always they've got a quadruple door isn't it no one's ever been too fat to get through the door of a supermarket okay and it opens automatically so they don't have to waste calories pushing anything there's just and it's a good job it opens automatically it's usually it's glass and they can see the pie from down the road and they're in like that you grazing right so I say keep the big door keep the big door sure keep the big door come on fat people come in you go but when they get in there it's all fresh fruit and veg it's all whole grain it's all stuff that's good for you okay of course they'll be confused at first they go well that's not real food to them they think brussels sprouts is packaging right they're they're looking where's the cakes where's the cakes the cakes are over here but the cakes are through a different door but this door is human sized okay so now they go there's the cakes they're going oh fuck I can't get in I can't can't get through the fucking door and they're starving I go oh god I've got what's this I gotta eat so what's this a banana back and forth for days and the fat's falling off and soon they can slip through the door up They can't get out again? No, but I mean...